# 2021-05-11

- What I learned:
  - Django
    - Architecture Pattern
      - Layrered pattern
      - Client-server pattern
        - Client: A side which request service
        - Server: A side which serve service
        - Web, Online Game...etc
      - Master-slave pattern 
      - Pipe-filter pattern
      - Broker pattern
      - Peer to Peer pattern
      - Event-bus pattern
      - MVC(Model-View-Controller pattern)
        - A software design pattern commonly used for developing user interfaces that divides the related program logic into three interconnected elements.
        - Model
          - The central component of pattern. It is the applicaiton's dynamic data structure, independent of the user interface. It directly manages the data, logic and rules of the application.
        - View
          - Any representation of information such as a chart, diagram or table. Multiple views of the same information are possible, such as a bar chart for management and a tabular view for accountants.
        - Controller
          - Accepts input and converts it to commands for the model or view.
      - Blackboard pattern
      - Interperter pattern
  - C++
    - keyword `const`
      - const int a = 10;
      - const int* a = &b;
        - cannot change value which in address
      - int* const a = &b;
        - cannot change address defined as a
      - const int* const a = &b;
        - cannot change address and value which in address
    - Memory space
      - Data
        - Area where global variables are stored
      - Stack
        - Area where local variables and parameters are stored
      - Heap
        - Area that is dynamically allocated during program execution by calling the malloc function
      - malloc & free
        - The memory space allocated by calling the malloc function is not freed unless it is destroyed by calling the free function.
    - Reference(`&`)
      - int &num2 = num1;(O)
      - int &ref = 20;(X)
      - int &ref;(X)
      - int &ref = NULL;(X)
      - Pointer Reference
        - int*(&pref) = ptr;(O)
      - Call-By-Reference using `Reference`
        - `void SwapByRef(int &ref1, int &ref2)`
          - can use ref1 like `*ptr`
      - Call-By-Reference using `Pointer`
        - `void SwapByPtr(int *ptr1, int *ptr2)`
      - return Refernce
        - int& Swap(int& a): return `Reference`
          - Be careful returning reference which refer to local variable
        - int Swap(int& a): return `Int`
      - Refer to const
        - const int num = 1; int& ref = num;(X)
        - const int num = 1; const int& ref = num;(O);
        - const Reference can refer to const number. Ex) const int& ref = 30;(O)
- What was interesting: 
  - Had a conversation with my military friends after a long time. 
- What I regret: 
  - Took a nap too much