# 2021-05-07

- What I learned:
  - CPP
    - Default Parameter(Default arguments):
      - Allows a function to be called without providing one or more trailing argumnets.
      - Indicated by using the following syntax for a parameter in the parameter-list of a function declaration.
      - Can only be declared once.
      - Cannot specify a default parameter in the form of emptying the default parameter of right parameter as follows
        - `int YourFunc(int num1=3, int num2=5, int num3);`
    - Macro Function
      - PROS
        - Macro functions only perform simple substitutions, so they don't care about the type of arguments.
        - Using macro functions, you can include multiple statements at the same time.
        - As there is no performance degradation due to functions calls, the execution speed of the program is improved.
      - CONS
        - Implementing an exact macro function to get the desired result is difficult, so debuugging is also very difficult.
        - As the size of the macro function increases, the number of parentheses used also increases, and the readability decreases.
    - Inline Function:
      - Function inlining using keyworkd `inline` is handled by the compiler(Macro Fucntion is handled by preprocessor)
    - Namespace
      - Namespaces provide a method for preventing name conflicts in large projects
      - Symbols declared inside a namespace block are placed in a named scope that prevents them from being mistaken for identically-named symbols in other scopes.
      - Multiple namespace blocks with the same name are allowed. All declarations within those blocks are declared in the named scope.
    - Multi Compilling method: `g++ a.cpp b.cpp ...`
  - Django
    - local virtual envrionment
      - `pyenv local envrionment_name`
    - Installing django
      - `pip install django`
    - Checking django version
      - `django-admin --version`
    - Checking python package list
      - `pip3 list`
    - Django Project Structure:
      - Most Highest Directory: Project Root (Can change name)
        - manage.py: Project manager. Support command for managing Django Project.
          - Creating new app, command related to database, running development server... etc
        - db.sqlite3: Database file
        - Same name as Project Root, but under Project Root: Project App (Shouldn't change name)(one of Python package file)
          - `__init__.py`: a file needed for this folder to be recognized as a python package.
          - `settings.py`: A setting file that contains Timezone, Database, Path...etc
            - In charge of the overall settings of Django project
          - `urls.py`: Connecting urls to suitable pages
            - Ex) `https://costaurant.net/login~` : connect login page
            - Ex) `https://costaurant.net/about~` : conncect about page
          - `wsgi.py`: WebServer Gateway Interface, WSGI
            - A protocol required for communicate between the Web server and Django, a python application.   
    - Starting New App
      - `python3 manage.py startapp appname`
      - After you starting new app in django, **you must notify to django that you started new app.**
        - on `settings.py`, add your app name as string under `INSTALLED_APPS`
    - Django App structure
      - `admin.py`: A setting file required to connect the app and Django admin.
      - `apps.py`: A setting file contains application settings.
      - __(Important!)__ `models.py`: Define data model to be used in Django application.
        - A file related to Database linkage
      - __(Important!)__ `views.py`: A file related to main logic processing
      - `test.py`: A file where to write down the test code about the project
      - `migrations(directory)`: Contains history about database changes
    - Django App's philosophy: Reusable App
      - To make reusable app
        - Do one thing, and do it well.
        - Don't be afraid of multiple apps.
        - Write for flexibility
        - Bulid to distruibute.
    - Processing new url  
      - `ProjectAppDirectory/urls.py`: add `path('urlname/',include('YourAppname.urls'))` in `urlpatterns[]`. Also add `include` behind `from django.urls import path`
      - Make `urls.py` under `YourAppDirectory`
      - `YourAppDirectory/urls.py`: Add below
        - ```python
          from django.contrib import admin
          from django.urls import path
          from . import views

          urlpatterns = [
            path('index/', views.index)
          ]
          ``` 
      - `YourAppDirectory/views.py`: Add below
        - ```python
          from django.shortcuts import render
          from django.http import HttpResponse

          def index(request):
              return HttpResponse("<h2>Hello, Django!</h2>")
          ```
    - The progress about urls get connected
      - `ProjectAppDirectory/settings.py`: ROOT_URLCONF <- Find this first
- What was interesting: 
  - Did back exercise, feels good
- What I regret: 
  - Tried to stduy Linear Algebra, but failed
  - Ate too much at night