# 2021-09-14

- What I learned: 
  - Database
    - Design Steps for Database
      - Conceptual Design / Logical Design => Data Modeling
      - Conceptual Model
        - Ex) Entity-Relationship Model
      - Logical Model
        - Ex) Relational Model
    - Entity-Realtionship model(ER Model)
      - Entity / Attribute / Realtionship
      - Entity
        - Everything that stands out. Having a distinct name. Have at least one attribute. Write name in a square.
      - Attribute
        - The unique characteristics of an individual or a relationship.
        - Express it in an ellipse and indicate its name in it.
        - The smallest logical unit of meaningful data.
        - Single-valued attribute / Multi-valued attribute
          - Multi-valued attribute is expressed as double ellipse
        - Simple attribue / Composite attribute
          - Composite attribute is expressed in several ellipses under the corresponding attribute
        - Derived attribute
          - Attributes derived and determined from values of other existing attributes.
          - Expressed in a dotted ellipse.
        - Key attribute
          - Properties used to identify each object instance
          - Expressed as an underline
      - Relationship
        - It refers to the correspondence between sets of entities.
          - Expressed in diamond.
        - Binary relationship / Triad relationship / Circular relationship
        - One-to-One relationship / One-to-Many relationship / Many-to-Many relationship
        - Essential participation
          - Expressed in double lines
        - Weak entity / Owner entity
          - Weak entity is expressed in double rectangle, Owner entity is expressed in double Rhombus
- What was interesting: 
  - Learning about diagram is fun
- What I regret: 
  - Slept too much